{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh11100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi there! Follow these steps to create the HR database you need to follow along with the Snowflake Views course. Enjoy yourself!\
\
WARNING - MAKE SURE YOU DON\'94T HAVE A DATABASE CALLED HR ALREADY IN PLACE!\
YOU MIGHT OVERWRITE IT. IF YOU HAVE A HR DATABASE, CHANGE THE DATABASE NAME\
IN THE FIRST LINE OF THE 01 CREATE DATABASE AND TABLES.SQL FILE (STEP 3).\
\
This guide assumes you are using the Snowflake Web UI.\
\
1. Connect to your Snowflake account.\
2. In the course code, go to the Pre-Course Code folder.\
3. Copy all of the code from 01 Create Database and Tables.sql.\
4. Open a new SQL Worksheet in Snowflake and paste this code.\
5. Click on the Run All button to create the database and tables.\
6. Refresh the object list in Snowflake.\
7. Once you can see the HR database, expand it, then expand the EMPLOYEEDATA node.\
8. Expand the Tables node.\
9. Hover over the Course table, and click on the three dots that appear. Click Load Data.\
10. Drag the CourseData.csv file from the Data folder into the Snowflake UI, or browse to it.\
11. Click Next, then click \'93View options\'94 on the left. Ensure \'93Header\'94 is set to \'93First line contains header\'94. \
12. Click \'93Load\'94 to load the 36 rows of data into the Course table.\
13. Hover over the Employee table, and click on the three dots that appear. Click Load Data. \
14. Drag the EmployeeData.csv file from the Data folder into the Snowflake UI, or browse to it.\
15. Click Next, then click \'93View options\'94 on the left.\
16. Set \'93Header\'94 to \'93First line contains header\'94.\
17. Set \'93Date format\'94 to \'93DD/MM/YYYY\'94.\
18. Click \'93Load\'94 to load the 50 rows of data into the Course table.\
19. Hover over the EmployeeCourse table, and click on the three dots that appear. Click Load Data. \
14. Drag the EmployeeCourseData.csv file from the Data folder into the Snowflake UI, or browse to it.\
15. Click Next, then click \'93View options\'94 on the left.\
16. Set \'93Header\'94 to \'93First line contains header\'94.\
18. Set \'93Date format\'94 to \'93DD/MM/YYYY\'94.\
19. Click \'93Load\'94 to load the 100 rows of data into the Course table.\
20. Open the 02 Create Users.sql file. Copy the contents into a SQL Worksheet in Snowflake.\
21. Change the default passwords as they are not very secure, to a password of your choice.\
22. Click the Run All button to create the user accounts.\
23. Open the 03 Create Roles and Assign Permissions.sql file. Copy the contents into a SQL Worksheet in Snowflake.\
24. Click the Run All button to create the roles and to assign permissions.\
26. Go into the Code folder.\
27. Open up script 1.3.1 Grant Roles To Users.sql.\
28. Copy all of the code from 1.3.1 Grant Roles To Users.sql to the clipboard.\
29. Open a new SQL Worksheet in Snowflake and paste this code.\
30. Click on the Run All button to grant the roles.\
31. You\'92re good to go!}